He must be so excited to marry me now
I'm so handsome
Why does he look a bit stuck?
It looks a little familiar
Hahahaha
Shishi, don't tell me what you're wearing
Such a rustic bumpkin
Is your boyfriend
That's right! He's my boyfriend!
Who the hell would believe it, hahaha
Wang Fan, if you still want some face
Don't bother me in the future, don't try
No one has dared to rob me of Wang Fan
Somebody beat him until he smokes
This has nothing to do with him
You let him go
It has nothing to do with the man who dares to rob a woman from me Wang Fan
No one can see the sun tomorrow
Somebody do it.
I thought it was amazing
You go bluff
Will you fight?
Black is awesome
Is the underworld
Are you going?
You have the guts, boy
temporary matter
I see if you still dare to be stubborn at the banquet tomorrow
Hey, go, go, go, go, stupid
Fact Tomorrow
Your grandfather will be at the birthday party
Announce your marriage to Wang Shao
At that time
I see how you can explain it to his old man yourself
Hey
How is the woman
How can you thank me?